<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Open Type Features</title>
  <meta charset="utf-8"/>
  <link href="../Styles/Styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/enhancements.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body class="otf" xml:lang="en">
<section epub:type="chapter">
  <h1>Open Type Features</h1>

   <p class="dropcap real-sc">Open Type features can bring some swag—we use <i>french flair</i> in French for some reason—and improve the legibility of your ebook. Remember those fake small caps for which you might have used <code>font-weight:bold</code> so that they don’t look kinda crappy? And those pathetic lining numerals in body copy? And those creepy fractions for which you used unicode but it mysteriously broke VoiceOver in some configurations? All gone!</p>

  <h2>Ligature aficionados</h2>

  <p>Open type features can deal with:</p>
	
  <ul>
	<li>common and discretionary ligatures</li>
	<li>real small capitals</li>
	<li>case forms</li>
	<li>stylistic sets</li>
	<li>scripts/swash</li>
	<li>oldstyle/lining/tabular numerals</li>
	<li>fractions</li>
	<li>ordinals…</li>
  </ul>

  <h2>Asia accounts for almost <span class="frac">2/3</span> of the world population</h2>

  <p>Six of the Earth's seven continents are permanently inhabited on a large scale. Asia is the most populous continent, with its 4.3&#160;billion inhabitants accounting for 60% of the world population. The world's two most populated countries alone, China and India, together constitute about 37% of the world's population. Africa is the second most populated continent, with around 1&#160;billion people, or 15% of the world's population. Europe's 733&#160;million people make up 12% of the world's population as of 2012, while the Latin American and Caribbean regions are home to around 600&#160;million (9%). Northern America, primarily consisting of the United States, Mexico, and Canada, has a population of around 352&#160;million (5%), and Oceania, the least-populated region, has about 35&#160;million inhabitants (0.5%). Though it is not permanently inhabited by any fixed population, Antarctica has a small, fluctuating international population, based mainly in polar science stations. This population tends to rise in the summer months and decrease significantly in winter, as visiting researchers return to their home countries.</p>

  <table>
	<tbody><tr>
		<th scope="col">Continent</th>
		<th scope="col">Population</th>
		<th scope="col">Percentage</th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Asia</td>
		<td>4,436,224,000</td>
		<td>59.7%</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Africa</td>
		<td>1,216,130,000</td>
		<td>16.4%</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>America</td>
		<td>1,001,549,000</td>
		<td>13.5%</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Europe</td>
		<td>738,849,000</td>
		<td>9.9%</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Oceania</td>
		<td>39,901,000</td>
		<td>0.5%</td>
	</tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
</section>
</body>
</html>